The focus of this class was the design and architecture process of Software Engineering.




This assignment was locked Sep 19, 2023 at 11:59pm.
Submit your project planning 

First Deliverable (Project Management Planning): Due September 19, 2023 (10%)

Project scope, features, technologies, tools.

Task breakdown among team member and indicating a point of contact (team-organizer).

Project cost and effort estimation using COCOMO model.

Project scheduling using Gantt Chart, and risk management plan.


Second Deliverable (SRS & Client-side Prototype): Due October 8, 2023 (20%)
• Software Requirement Specification (SRS) using the IEEE standard template.
• Prototype of different user interfaces, to receive client’s feedback. Ideally, a web pages as UI.
• Weekly group meeting activity reports.
• Class presentation (power point) on Thursday October 12 in class. 


Third Deliverable (SDS & Back-end Prototype): Due November 1, 2023 (30%)
See the complete instructions for SDS preparation in Canvas RESOURCES (The SDS class presentations will be on Thursday November 2nd)
Software Design Specification using IEEE standard template.
Use Confluence Collaboration Software Tool to develop your SDS document using the IEEE Template sections. Use the video tutorial to learn how to use it.
Prototype of the back-end computation application to communicate basic application’s functionality with the client-side. 
Weekly group meeting activity reports.


Fourth Deliverable (Working App + Test Suite + Manual): Due November 28, 2023 (35%)
Source code of the software project.
Detailed test suites for different features.
User manual including the installation steps, screenshots and process flow.
Approximation of the hours spent on each part of the project, in particular they should be divided into client-side and back-end side tasks.
Weekly group meeting activity reports.
Final project demonstration and presentation as a group, and individually (Tues Nov. 28). PPT Slides Submission via MS Teams.
Instructions for contents of presentation, demo and test suite will be posted in the Canvas.
